# nirask-starbound-server-update-app
Docker container for a Wildfly server that processes and verifies server configuration files that are uploaded on a web-facing frontend.

The actual application that is running on this will require its own github directory, which means it will have its own deployment mechanism outside the scope of this server. If a capistrano daemon is needed to automate deployments of a JAR, that will be included in this docker container for use in outside development; if the JAR has a version update, the server's configuration doesn't necessarily need a version update.

The forward-facing website (accessable over HTTPS, as these aren't expected to gain much traffic per node) should act as a live landing page for the server upload files. Each upload is required to have a text-based cryptokey / password submitted alongside it, for rudimentary security purposes. That key is generated and available in a file on the machine (to be specified), with only read permission for root. If a user has access to root on this machine, they have basically thoroughly compromised it anyway. This web interface will have a simple "waiting" functionality before reporting either a success or a failure, along with applicable error codes. This interface initially acts as a pass-through to put the uploaded file into a specific COLD import directory.

The backend COLD import process will consume files by: 1) Determining their filetype (by name). 2) Verifying the file structure (in accordance to the game's configuration standards). 3) Moving the verified files to an appropriate starbound_build directory. This directory will be a shell starbound server installation, which contains only the configuration files in the correct places. Another daemon will handle the building and deploying of these server files into the starbound_server's file structure.

A notification service will run as a runner between the web interface and the service. It triggers starts of the COLD import process, and it passes fail / success messages back to the interface's "waiting" bar. Let refreshing clear out these notifications.
